it's gone you both know what's at stake
here there is a last word left take the
bloody shot what do you say about a man
I've had three months ago you lost the
drive containing the identity of every
agent embedded in terrorist
organizations across the globe
double-oh-seven reporting for duty but
he'll of you be enjoying death I only
have one question why not stay dead
there's no shame in saying you've lost a
step
they weren't targeting her they wanted
her to see it welcome to the new mi6 I'm
your quartermaster you must be joking
walther ppk s 9 millimeter short it's
been coded to your palm prints only you
can fire it less of a random killing
machine more of a personal statement Q
double 07 I want to meet your employer
how much do you know but fear all of
that this
just look at you chasing spies England
and my sakes she send you after me know
when you're not ready know when you
would likely die mommy was very bad the
two survivors this is what she made us
everybody needs a hobby so what's yours
resurrection
you